site/content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Thai Yoga Massage
subtitle: All the Benefits of Yoga without the Years of Practice 
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/dklongley/image/upload/v1680449644/fpbanner.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Why Thai Yoga Massage?
  text: >-
    Just let your Thai Yoga Massage practitioner slowly stretch and manipulate
    your whole body. At the end you will feel the same as if you had completed a
    yoga class. All the benefits without the effort.
intro:
  heading: Everyone Can Benefit from Thai Yoga Massage
  text: >-
    Thai Yoga Massage has a long history and only requires the human touch of
    your practitioner and a willingness to put your trust in their skill and
    knowledge
massages:
  - image: /img/thai-massage.jpg
    text: >-
      To have a full body Massage expect your session to last for 90  minutes.
      During the session the practitioner will work all parts of your body.
  - image: /img/thai-yoga-massage.jpg
    text: >-
      The skilled practitioner works in unison with your body, reacting to the
      natural feedback. Your body will not be pushed beyond what you can safely
      enjoy.
massagescta:
  btnhref: /massages
  btntext: Massage Session Full Details
values:
  heading: Our Values
  text: >-
    Thai Yoga Massage is a holistic practice that incorporates elements of yoga,
    meditation, and massage. Its overarching values are rooted in the
    traditional Thai culture and Buddhist principles, which emphasize
    compassion, mindfulness, and the belief in the interconnectedness of all
    things. Here are some of the overarching values of Thai Yoga Massage


    **Metta (Loving Kindness)**: Metta, or loving-kindness, is a central value
    in Thai culture and Buddhism. Practitioners of Thai Yoga Massage approach
    their work with an open and compassionate heart, treating each client with
    kindness and empathy.


    **Mindfulness**: Mindfulness is the practice of being fully present and
    engaged in the moment. Thai Yoga Massage encourages clients to cultivate
    mindfulness by focusing on their breath and body sensations throughout the
    massage.


    **Energy (Prana or Chi)**: In Thai culture, energy, or "prana" in Sanskrit
    or "chi" in Chinese, is believed to flow through the body along specific
    pathways called "sen lines." Thai Yoga Massage aims to balance and stimulate
    this energy flow by using techniques such as acupressure and stretching.


    **Respect for Tradition**: Thai Yoga Massage has a rich history that dates
    back thousands of years, and practitioners value the traditional techniques
    and knowledge that have been passed down through generations.


    **Holistic Approach**: Thai Yoga Massage treats the body, mind, and spirit
    as a whole, rather than separate parts. It seeks to promote overall wellness
    and balance by addressing physical, emotional, and spiritual aspects of the
    individual.


    By embracing these values, Thai Yoga Massage offers a unique approach to
    healing and well-being that is grounded in ancient wisdom and holistic
    principles.
---

Commit message:

adding new text to home page northern and Southern styles

site/content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Thai Yoga Massage
subtitle: All the Benefits of Yoga without the Years of Practice 
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/dklongley/image/upload/v1680449644/fpbanner.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Thai Yoga Massage
  text: >-
    Thai Yoga Massage or Thai Massage – also known as ‘the lazy person’s yoga’ – combines assisted yoga with acupressure techniques. Thai Massage is one form of healing touch that feels like a sacred dance between the giver and receiver and works on many levels for facilitating the flow of energy.

    Although it has evolved into many lineages, techniques and forms, there are two main different styles:
  styles:
    - text: The Northern style, taught in Chiang Mai, has a slower, more rhythmic style of approach.
    - text: The Southern style is more invigorating and is taught in the Wat Pho temple in Bangkok.
intro:
  heading: Everyone Can Benefit from Thai Yoga Massage
  text: >-
    Thai Yoga Massage has a long history and only requires the human touch of
    your practitioner and a willingness to put your trust in their skill and
    knowledge
massages:
  - image: /img/thai-massage.jpg
    text: >-
      To have a full body Massage expect your session to last for 90  minutes.
      During the session the practitioner will work all parts of your body.
  - image: /img/thai-yoga-massage.jpg
    text: >-
      The skilled practitioner works in unison with your body, reacting to the
      natural feedback. Your body will not be pushed beyond what you can safely
      enjoy.
massagescta:
  btnhref: /massages
  btntext: Massage Session Full Details
values:
  heading: Our Values
  text: >-
    Thai Yoga Massage is a holistic practice that incorporates elements of yoga,
    meditation, and massage. Its overarching values are rooted in the
    traditional Thai culture and Buddhist principles, which emphasize
    compassion, mindfulness, and the belief in the interconnectedness of all
    things. Here are some of the overarching values of Thai Yoga Massage


    **Metta (Loving Kindness)**: Metta, or loving-kindness, is a central value
    in Thai culture and Buddhism. Practitioners of Thai Yoga Massage approach
    their work with an open and compassionate heart, treating each client with
    kindness and empathy.


    **Mindfulness**: Mindfulness is the practice of being fully present and
    engaged in the moment. Thai Yoga Massage encourages clients to cultivate
    mindfulness by focusing on their breath and body sensations throughout the
    massage.


    **Energy (Prana or Chi)**: In Thai culture, energy, or "prana" in Sanskrit
    or "chi" in Chinese, is believed to flow through the body along specific
    pathways called "sen lines." Thai Yoga Massage aims to balance and stimulate
    this energy flow by using techniques such as acupressure and stretching.


    **Respect for Tradition**: Thai Yoga Massage has a rich history that dates
    back thousands of years, and practitioners value the traditional techniques
    and knowledge that have been passed down through generations.


    **Holistic Approach**: Thai Yoga Massage treats the body, mind, and spirit
    as a whole, rather than separate parts. It seeks to promote overall wellness
    and balance by addressing physical, emotional, and spiritual aspects of the
    individual.


    By embracing these values, Thai Yoga Massage offers a unique approach to
    healing and well-being that is grounded in ancient wisdom and holistic
    principles.
---
